Honest Mistake:

  Genesis 3:6
  When the woman saw that the fruit of the tree was good for food and pleasing to 
  the eye, and also desirable for gaining wisdom, she took some and ate it. She 
  also gave some to her husband, who was with her, and he ate it.

  
Conceited Sin:

  1 John 3:12
  Do not be like Cain, who belonged to the evil one and murdered his brother. 
  And why did he murder him? Because his own actions were evil and his 
  brother's were righteous.

  
Adam and Eve:

  Adam and Eve were banished from the Garden of Eden. An Honest Mistake. They were 
  able to correct. Life and Law who was able to raise a Son, so righteous, that the 
  Son did not die. The Son walked with God and God took him away. They redeemed
  themselves. An Honest Mistake.

  
Compare Adam and Eve to Job:

  Job 1:5
  When a period of feasting had run its course, Job would send and have them 
  purified. Early in the morning he would sacrifice a burnt offering for each of 
  them, thinking, "Perhaps my children have sinned and cursed God in their hearts." 
  This was Job's regular custom.

  Job was a Righteous Man but a Sinful Father who loved his children more than he 
  loved God. He did not rebuke them. He did not use the Rod. Imagine the greed of 
  his children if they inherited their Father's wealth? You see that in society 
  today. Founders were generous and kind, their children not so much.
  
  
The Christ on Rebuking Each Other:

  Matthew 10:37
  Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me; anyone 
  who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.

  The Christ meant that we should have the Courage and Honesty to Rebuke each other
  and be Vulnerable for the sake of Love - Faith.

  Adam and Eve's children, Cain and Abel, themselves offered to God. The sin that 
  remains:

  For a fraction of a second, Cain thought: "Over my Brother, I am Caesar!" 
  Conceit. Murder.
  
  Matthew 5:22
  But I tell you that anyone who is angry with a brother or sister will be subject 
  to judgment. Again, anyone who says to a brother or sister, 'Raca,' is 
  answerable to the court. And anyone who says, 'You fool!' will be in danger of 
  the fire of hell.

  We are still trying to fix that. Let us learn compassion then. Tear down false 
  definitions, see each others as a Family - the Original Design.

 
Peter on Ceasars and Kings:
  
  1 Peter 2:13:
  Submit yourselves for the Lord's sake to every human authority: whether to the 
  emperor, as the supreme authority...

  In the history of the world, was any capable of doing that command? No. None. 
  Kingship, was never part of the original design. How should a human authority act 
  then? Like a Father should. Like Abraham did. Like Adam did. Like our Father 
  does. 

  Rule then with a Crown of Thorns and an Iron Sceptre - Rule as a Father.
  
  A Father is a Carer, a Servant, a Teacher and a Student.

  A Fathers stays in the background. Does not desire splendour or glory or honour 
  for themselves. But desires that for their children. An act of Faith, a good one 
  will bring about honest admiration - freedom. An act of Conceit, a seemingly 
  good one, will bring about a feeling of being in forceful debt.

  An act of Faith   - will free.
  An act of Conceit - will bind to chains.

  
Opening and Closing Doors:

  All actions will open doors, close others and their effects will cascade - in a
  hundred years a single lie left to live will bind hundreds and thousands to 
  chains. Do not let errors pass silently. The Son of Man rebuked all. So rebuke. An act 
  of faith will also cascade - one act of kindness - in a thousand years will free 
  hundreds and thousands from false chains.

  Love for Truth - God, and Love for others - our neighbours as equals.

  Not too much or we begin to resent, not too little or we feel guilty. But just 
  enough. Equals. Like a Mother preparing her child's school lunch.

  We are all children of God at this age. A Family is no longer bound by Politics, 
  but by Love. We are all born of the Holy Spirit - True Love.

  God is Love - 1 John.

  
Notes on Cain and Abel:
  A lot of stories would tell of the tale - Loki and Thor, Osiris and Seth, Zeus 
  and Hades, Mufasa and Scar, Son Goku and Vegetta, and so on.

  The primary method of communication is artful inspiration through emotion. They
  never left.
