The Christ:
  
  Synonym: Messiah, The Anointed One, Son of Man, Son of God, Teacher, Friend, Servant, and so on.
  
  Concretion: Jesus of Nazareth
  
  Script: "And the Word (Abstract) was made flesh (Concrete)."
  
  
Proposed Solution for Virgin Conception, Birth, and the Miracle:

  a. Virgin Birth:
  
     a.1. Historical Context: 
          
          a.1.1 Traditional Marriage:
          
                Forced marriages through arrangement in order to secure lineage, 
                wealth and power or marriages that exist in order to force 
                dominance were harsh - they were the most common forms of marriage 
                during that time - when it is common for people to be made
                slaves - through poverty or through indentured slavery.
     
                In Roman sexual tradition, there is a concept of dominance and 
                submission, wherein the dominant[1] has every right against 
                the submissive[2]. It demeans the humanity of the submissive - a 
                beast has to be held down, but the submissive has to act 
                willingly. The submissive therefore is made lower than a beast. 
                Those marriages were brutal enslavement, at times - through
                violent rape institutionalized by tradition.
                
                The Family in Roman times was not motivated by Love but by Conceit -
                Lust or Politics, Power Plays and so on. Most of the time, Sons 
                and Daughters were simply tools for their parent's ambition.
          
          a.1.2 Traditional Virginity:
          
                Virginity is defined as bleeding after consummation. In 
                Deuteronomy, the proof of virginity produced by the father of the 
                bride, would be garments or sheets, perhaps upon which the 
                marriage was first consummated. If the act was not driven by love,
                the maiden would only bleed once.
         
          a.1.3 Modern Medical Science:
          
                The hymen is that which bleeds upon consummation. Repeated 
                consummation is not guaranteed to completely tear the membrane. In 
                childbirth, the chance of it tearing would be higher. Perhaps 
                during less precise times of medicine - it was almost guaranteed.
                A mother would take hours to give birth to her first-born even 
                with advanced medicine.
          
     a.2 Hypothesis:
     
         Roman rule during the time of Jesus was already under a Caesar. 
         Childbirth during those days was a dangerous process, there were no
         anaesthesia and no widespread knowledge of even basic biology. It was 
         relatively more common for mothers to die from childbirth. 
    
         Mary was with child, about to give birth. Joseph was a builder[1]. Under 
         these circumstances, the life of Mary was in peril. Mary cried in agony - 
         the birthing pains have begun. Joseph was filled with terror. Joseph was 
         a builder.
    
         As fortune would have it, they were in a stable. 
     
         At times due to factors such as selective breeding or genetics, certain 
         animals are unable to give birth naturally - the offspring is usually 
         uprooted from their mother's womb. In the historical context - the people 
         who have trained heavily in this discipline would be veterinarians - not 
         doctors.
          
     a.3 Proposed Solution:
  
         Jesus was born using a Caesarian section through the help of a 
         veterinarian from the stable. 
     
         Mary may still bleed from consummation afterwards. Since they did not 
         have any advanced knowledge in biology they did know about the biological 
         cause for the bleeding of a maiden. 
     
         In the historical definition of virginity, the observed evidence, was 
         that childbirth would stop the bleeding. However, not in the case of the 
         very uncommon Caesarian section. 
     
         "Although Caesarean sections were performed in Roman times, no classical 
         source records a mother surviving such a delivery..." (Wikipedia)
         
    a.4 Alternative Proposed Solution:
    
        Jesus of Nazareth was born through advanced technology - he is the adopted
        Son of God, from Adam and Eve - the Son whom God took away.
     
  b. Virgin Conception:
     
     Mary was pregnant before coming together with Joseph. A likely explanation 
     was the conception through consummation with Joseph before marriage. Joseph 
     considered divorce perhaps since the childbirth would not fit within the 
     time-line of nine months. As fortune would have it, the birth took place away 
     from their home town, and they did not return in earnest, they stayed awhile 
     in Egypt.
	 
	   Jesus was perhaps conceived by the Holy Spirit - True Love. Honest emotion. A 
     rare occurrence in times of arranged marriages for politics.
	 
	   Consummation was part of the design, why malign it then? Was it not there for 
     True Love? If a person too poor could not marry, and they fell in Love and raised
     a Righteous Family, is the ceremony really necessary? If even without it, they
     kept their promise of Love. Even without it, they were able to make Love cascade.
	 
	   Do not call the Father's design Evil or you have accused him of Sin. So, put 
     True Love above all then.
	 
     A Law is not defiled by the Love of his Life. 
	 
     
  c. The Miracle:
     
     Perhaps the miracle was that in a time when True Love was rare, there were 
     two who were capable of one which was courageous, honest and kind despite 
     betrothal. Perhaps the miracle was that it was a series of seemingly 
     unfortunate events that allowed the mother and the child to live. That those 
     odds were placed before them, by design, so that they will fulfil a pattern 
     in scripture - to provide evidence, manifested in concreted patterns[4], to 
     be relevant in the past and in the future.
	 
     
Appendix:
  
  [1, 2] 
  In Corinthians, the Greek words used were dominant[1] and submissive[2], often 
  times mistranslated to a singular word - homosexuality. In Roman tradition, 
  victors were given the right to force the vanquished to perform sexual acts - 
  regardless of both parties orientations. It also reduced the humanity of the 
  submissive through rape institutionalized by tradition.
  
  Reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexuality_in_ancient_Rome
  
  [3] 
  The word used was builder. In Roman times, most homes were made of stone, not of 
  wood. Joseph was more likely a stonemason.
  
  [4]
  Patterns are useful for the sake of calculating statistical likelihood - 
  mathematics has been considered as abstract in Comte's Theory of Science, 
  therefore, it is the Highest in Order. Mathematics such as physics, will 
  manifest itself in concreted patterns. At times there might be distracting 
  details, but the patterns are there nonetheless.
  
  Singular patterns of the other hand - prophecy, should be calculated based on 
  the likelyhood of them occuring.
  

Proposed solution for the Historical Jesus:

  The man Jesus was man. He hungered and he fed. He thirsted and quenched the 
  thirst of others. He needed friends and so he befriended. He was man - just man, 
  at least while he was there. 
  
  He walked the path which is narrow. He practised what he preached, as an equal 
  of his friends. He made mistakes. He asked for forgiveness from them and he 
  forgave them when they asked for his. He righted his wrongs until none can be 
  taken against him. Until he could do no more - until it was time to die.
  
  He feared death, and he begged to be delivered, and when it was made clear that 
  he will not be spared - he mustered his faith. 
  
  For those he called his friends. 
  For those who hungered. 
  For those who thirsted. 
  For those who were tired. 
  For those who were made slaves, labelled as sinners. 
  
  He was about to be betrayed. 
  He was about to hunger. 
  He was about to thirst. 
  He was already tired. 
  He was about to made a slave, labelled a sinner.
  
  He was very afraid. 
  He was filled with terror.
  He walked the path which is narrow.
  
  
Sacrifice:
  
  Description: To give up something in order to save that of others.
  
  a. The Old:
     
     In the Old Testament, there were two primary types of animal sacrifice:
     
     a.1. Sacrifice of Many: Primarily used for celebration or worship in the form 
          of a celebratory feast.
     
     a.2. Sacrifice of One: Primarily used for sanctification or purification.
     
          a.2.1. Abraham:
                 
                 The original structure of the tribe of Abraham was a collective - 
                 the wealth of the patriarch, was the wealth of the entire 
                 tribe. Originally, they had no kings or even a priesthood, they 
                 were simply family lead by a righteous man with a polymorphic 
                 role - Father, Teacher, Patriarch, Shepherd, Husband and so on. 
                 
                 Let us assume that Abraham was courageous, honest and kind:
                   
                   1. Implicitly, he is also a Servant:
                 
                      a. A Father will care for his Children.
                      b. A Shepherd will care for his Flock.
                      c. A Husband will care for his Wife.
                   
                   2. Implicitly, he is also a Student:
                 
                      a. A Shepherd will learn from his fellow Shepherds, in the 
                         case of Abraham either his Children or Servants.
                      b. A Father will entertain the questions of his Children. 
                         His Children will ask questions, he might not have though 
                         of himself.
                      c. A Husband will learn about his children from his Wife, 
                         considering the heavy manual labour required in those days.
                      
                   3. Implicitly, he is also a King:
                      
                      a. A Shepherd will build good relations with the surrounding 
                         cities or merchants for the sake of trade.
                      b. A Father will instruct his sons or daughters on how to 
                         act in kindness therefore establishing law.
                      c. A Patriarch will consider the repercussions of his 
                         actions, not only for his children, but for his children's 
                         children and their future relationships with the 
                         surrounding cities or merchants.
                         
                 Polymorphic roles allow for compassion to emerge by creating 
                 separate fluid playing fields - the fields will emerge as the 
                 event or the need arises. In the original design, Kingship was 
                 also fluid, when Abraham is old, his children will care for 
                 him as he has cared for them. 
                 
                 Abraham's children will be Kings in their own right who were 
                 meant to follow the example of their father, therefore, as time
                 passes, there will no longer be a need for a singular Patriarch 
                 or even Patriarchy - since it was only necessary during a 
                 time when heavy manual labour was the common method of achieving 
                 most things.
                 
                 Before Kings or Priests, the Prophets have always resisted the 
                 idea of a Kingship and a Priesthood.
                 
                 Regardless, kingships and priesthoods were permitted. There is a 
                 Grand Design after all - the new will justify the existence 
                 of the old. The existence - not necessarily the method. However, 
                 in order for it to happen the new has to be adopted. 
                 The new does not have be accepted blindly - courage, honesty and 
                 kindness must be used, to personally or collectively 
                 validate it.
                 
                 Some patterns in scripture are prophetic, patterns will emerge, 
                 at times in several temporal contexts, that will fulfil them.
                 A series of seemingly unfortunate events. A sea of seemingly 
                 meaningless detail. Events and detail, meaningless in the 
                 present, but can be bound together using the books written in the 
                 past. 
                 
                 At times, the books are not necessarily found in theological 
                 scripture, the Grand Design, was always there, for all this time.
                 
          a.2.2. The Sacrifice of a Shepherd:
          
                 The original design was that a Shepherd would also be a Servant 
                 and a Carer to his flock much like a Father. Humans have an
                 observed attachment to animals they care for. Pragmatism would 
                 allow for the consumption of meat, however during the process
                 of domestication, in order to continue the line, a Shepherd will 
                 choose a Lamb from the flock to be treated as a Child.
                 
                 The practice was corrupted when:
                 
                 The Lord who is a Lord who is Lord commanded the Servant who is a 
                 Shepherd who is a Father to bring the Lamb who is a Child 
                 to the temple, to be slaughtered, for the sake of the Lord who is 
                 a Lord who is a Lord.
                 
          a.2.3. The Sacrifice of one who is not a Shepherd:
          
                 The temple was far-away from the country side, a Potter for 
                 example would have bought the Lamb from a merchant and travelled
                 with the Lamb to the temple. Along the way, the Potter will be 
                 the Carer, the Father, the Shepherd of the Lamb.
                 
  b. The New:
     
     b.1. The Sacrifice of the Christ:
     
          b.1.1. Proposed Premise: 
                 The Christ was a man who walked the path which is narrow, to 
                 purify by asking for forgiveness, in order to be the one worthy 
                 sacrifice for many. 
                                   
          b.1.2. Proposed Emotion of Actor: 
                 Afraid. Hoping for deliverance. Uncertain, but Faithful 
                 nonetheless.
          
          b.1.3. Hell:
                 
                 1. Metaphor: Fire, weeping and gnashing of teeth.
                 
                 2. Traditional Interpretation: Hades.
                 
                 3. Modern Interpretation: The absence of the Divine, absolute 
                    silence, null.
				 
                 
The Crucifixion, the Gospels in Canonical Order:
       
  1. Matthew and Mark: 
     
     The Christ begged to be spared:
     
     Luke 22:42
     "Father, if you are willing, take this cup from me; yet not my will, but yours be 
      done."
     
     He was afraid. The Christ hoped to be saved. He thought, Love is the greatest Law. 
     Oh my Father will save me. Oh my Father where are you? My Shepherd? My Love? And then 
     he screamed:
     
     1.a. Script            : "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" (NIV)
     
     1.b. Emotional State   : Hopeful Despair. Agony. The man did not expect to be 
                              abandoned, death - yes, silence absolute - no.
     
     1.c. Parallel Metaphor : 
          
          Cries burning with fire, begging for noise, for something to happen, anything, 
          just a little bit of water. Weeping. Gnashing of teeth. Hell.
		  
     The Father Loved his Son, but followed his Law to the letter. Oh the Father 
     wept! Oh the Father gnashed his teeth. As he poured the Cup of Wrath on the 
     one he Loved. My Son, My Son, Oh my Son! He could not even reply. He followed 
     his Law to the letter.
  
  2. Luke:
  
     2.a. Script            : "Father, into your hands I commit my spirit." (NIV)
     
     2.b. Emotional State   : Silence, Peace, Forgiveness.
     
     2.c. Parallel Metaphor : Closure.
	 
	   The Son gave up his life. He forgave the Father. He understood, the Sacrifice 
     was for Love. Oh, the Father wept. How much wrath can a God take? Oh, my Son! 
     My Son! My Son!
     
  3. John:
  
     3.a. Script            : "I am thirsty."...[noise, chaos, something 
                               happened]..."It is finished."
     
     3.b. Emotional State   : Joy. Salvation.
     
     3.c. Parallel Metaphor : Lazarus and the Rich Man.
	 
	   A Legionaire saw the Man on the tree. The Son of Caesar, thought "I think 
     therefore I am!". He looked back at the sons of Abraham leering at the Lamb. 
     The Son of Caesar, thought, Oh! He is my Brother too! Oh, my Love, my Love, 
     my Love. He panicked and searched for water, vinegar was all he could find. 
     Oh! My Lord, My Brother, My Love, drink. Compassion.
     
     It was the Hobbit who saved the King.
     It was the outcast Mulan who saved the Emperor.
     Your childhood stories will tell of this.
     
     How many to save the world from Rome? How many Father? The Son asked. 
     
     "One Honest Man. Son of Caesar. One Honest Man."
     
	 
Author's notes:
  
  Think of the relationship of Jesus and the Father as that of Thor and Odin. 
  Heavenly hosts - the structure is more accurate in Norse Mythology.
  
  Jesus, the man called they called the Christ, suffered what no man, will ever 
  suffer again - Hell while living. 
  
  All men are capable of Faith. 
  
  All men while living - can be saved.
  
  For yourself, for those you love, for your family and friends, spread the 
  teachings of faith - Courage, Honesty and Vulnerability for the sake of Love and 
  Truth.
  
  Perhaps then, humanity will be capable of miracles. 
  Perhaps then, eternal life. 
  Perhaps then, salvation.
  
  The Lord of the Rings talks of a Wedding, a new Law and a new Life to be bound
  by Love. Then a Tree will bloom. Tree of Life. Ascension. Hinduism.
  
  Revelations talk of a wedding. See you there.
  
  
Author to all:

  If you like this message, please share it to your friends.
