The Old, The Temple:

  Moses always resisted the idea of a temple. But when the Father designed it, you 
  would notice this: the design was filled with nature. If you going to entomb 
  yourself in a temple of stone then decorate it with Creation - the result of the 
  Love of the Author of Law and the Giver of Life.

  In the Temple, there was a Holy of Holies containing the Ark of the Covenant, there 
  the Spirit of God, the Author of Law, would enter and speak to the Priests.

The New, The Kingdom of Heaven:

  Luke 17:21
  nor will people say, 'Here it is,' or 'There it is,' because the kingdom of God
  is within you.
  
  John 10:30 
  I and the Father are one.
  
  A child raised in a Family bound by Love will grow up with an Honest, Courageous 
  Heart motivated by Love. Living for Compassion. A Heart that can contain the 
  Spirit of God.

  When Jesus said, my Father and I are one - he meant that. One flesh - the new 
  Ark of the Covenant - containing two Spirits.
  
  In other cultures like the Native Americans, a leader would be chosen based on 
  their understanding, wisdom, love, authority - the gifts of grace. We approached 
  all cultures. Those who remained as Families, rarely encountered the plagues of 
  the Societies which had Kings.

  They remained true to Creation - the Original Design, the Garden of Eden. They 
  lived longer. The Spirit of God moved through them.

  Shintoism, the worship of Earth, Water, Wind and Fire was one of the earliest 
  religions. Jesus rebuked the winds, the fig tree, walked on water - an element 
  bender much like Avatar. The lesson of that is that the Earth - Creation is 
  alive. Final Fantasy VII. We always inspired stories for children.

  Rarely was Stone worshipped. Your temples, houses, what are they made of?

  "I am Ozymandius, King of Kings. Look upon my works ye mighty and despair". 
  Written on stone, amongst ashes. Immortalized by invisible words. Shakespeare. 
  Creative inspiration - emotion unleashed. Inspired by Love. We never left.

  Physics and Biology are Laws that will bend for the Greater Law - Love. Jesus 
  was able to do that. If your hearts are pure, you will too. Take care of 
  Creation - it is Living Word. Who guides the sparrows? Who makes the trees grow? 
  Who fills the oceans with the life from the rivers?

  Is not the Father? Is not the Father's Love then? Creation is appreciated 
  through emotion - the Spirit - by the children of both - you.

  Do not be like Jonah then. Oh! He did not plant the tree, and yet when it died, 
  he mourned it. How much more the Father who cared for all? How much more the 
  great Shepherd and Farmer? Oh! How the Spirit will mourn!

  Go back to the beginning then. The dominion of the Father is Love so make it 
  yours too then. Do not rule like a Caesar - rule as a Father would. Always in 
  Love. Not slavery or dominance - but in kindness, firmness if required, but 
  always for Love.

  Equals - Law and Life bound by Love manifested in Living Law - Creation.
  

To Become the Ark of the Covenant:

  The Price is Faith - Courageous, Honesty and Vulnerability for the sake of Love
  and Truth. Not perfection, but Faith for Love.
  
  Truth is Love as Love is True.
  
  God is Love - 1 John.