The Disciple whom Jesus Loved:

John 21:20
  Peter turned and saw that the disciple whom Jesus loved was following them. (This 
  was the one who had leaned back against Jesus at the supper and had said, "Lord, 
  who is going to betray you?")

  When Peter saw him, he asked, "Lord, what about him[1]?"

  Jesus answered, "If I want him[1] to remain alive[2] until I return, what is that 
  to you? You must follow me."

[1] Gnostic gospels talk of the Disciple whom Jesus Loved as Mary Magdalene.
[2] Mary Magdalene will retain her memories or recover them despite Birth and 
    Rebirth. There are several stories that talk of the Beloved searching for her 
    Lover - Schala Kid Zeal and Serge, Trinity and Neo, Liara and Sheppard 
    Commander, and so on.
    
    In Song of Songs - it is the Beloved that searches for her Lover:
    
    Song of Solomon 3:3, The Beloved:
    "Have you seen my dear lost love?" I asked.
     No sooner had I left them than I found him,
     found my dear lost love.
     
    The trigger is jealousy:
    
    Song of Solomon 8:6
    Place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm; for love is as 
    strong as death, its jealousy unyielding as the grave. It burns like blazing 
    fire, like a mighty flame.
    
    and:
    
    Song of Solomon 2:7:
    Daughters of Jerusalem, I charge you by the gazelles and by the does of the 
    field: Do not arouse or awaken love until it so desires.

    In fairytales, there is a ballroom dance yes? And the Life would feel jealousy 
    when a Law dances with someone else. They never knew the Law and yet they feel 
    jealous. Therefore, the recommendation for Courtship is for the Life to 
    approach the Law. 
    
    The desires of Laws are strong, therefore, they should guard their hearts. Till
    approached by Life. It is a simpler approach to courtship - be Courageous and
    Honest and be Vulnerable for the sake of Love. Approach your Law.
    
    Seduction by the Law will not last. The Honeymoon stage might die out. It might
    work out - yes, but there is an alternative which is simpler.

    
The Christ on Divorce:
   
   Matthew 19:8
   "Moses permitted you[1] to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard. 
    But it was not this way from the beginning[2]. I tell you that anyone who 
    divorces his wife, except for marital unfaithfulness[3], and marries another 
    woman, commits adultery.[4].
   
   [1] Divorce was a Law that was not supposed to be. Yet it was written in 
       Scripture. You must read Scripture, always looking back at the original 
       design - the Garden of Eden. Law and Life bound by Love. A Family. Like the 
       Divines. There was no Marriage there since there were no Priests or Kings, 
       simply a concept of the Love of Your Youth.
       
       Proverbs 5:18:
       May your fountain be blessed, and may you rejoice in the wife of your youth.
       
       The person you dreamed of when you were young. Which Disney prince or 
       princess did you connect with the most? Why?
   
   [2] Emphasis for the above point. Look back to the beginning. Return, O 
       prodigal Son! Return! Go back to the beginning then.
   
   [3] Divorce is permitted when you fall out of Love. People make mistakes. 
       Divorce due to greed or other reasons, not falling out of Love, is invalid 
       therefore. You will simply marry to spite your previous spouse. You will 
       never Love your new spouse then. 
   
   [4] If the above motivation, just to spite the Love of your Youth. Then you will 
       never feel Love. You steal Love away from the new person you are with. That 
       is what he meant.
       

Historical Context on Divorce:

  Marriages were made for alliances and politics - power plays. Divorce, would break
  alliances for the nobility. The Roman Catholic Church dabbled in politics, even 
  still today, so the religious teachings reflected what Priestly Kings would have 
  wanted.

  Lifes were prevented from approaching their Laws, because what if their Law could 
  not pay the dowry? Marriage was made a commodity, children were not raised in a 
  Family bound by Love. 
  
  
Historical Context on the Disciple whom Jesus Loved:

  Perhaps obfuscation was introduced, otherwise, the reign of the Caesar and all 
  subsequent Kings would be invalidated. 
  
  Revelations 12:5, The Woman and Dragon:
  She gave birth to a son[1], a male child, who will rule all the nations with an
  iron sceptre[2]. And her child was snatched up to God and to his throne[3].
  
  [1] Perhaps the Son of Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
  [2] Is there a difference between a Crown of Thorns and an Iron Scepter? There 
      is none. The second will be like the first. Not Glory, Not Power, Not 
      Splendour, but the son of a Builder. A Shepherd, A Teacher and a Friend - 
      whose Rule is based on Truth and Understanding, not a Caesar, but a Scientist.
  [3] Similarity with Enoch who walked faithfully with God and whom God took him 
      away. Perhaps, Jesus of Nazareth.
      

The Mystery of One Flesh:

  Ephesians 5:31
  "Therefore a man[1] shall leave his father and mother and hold fast to his wife[2], 
  and the two shall become one flesh[3]." This mystery is profound, and I am saying that it 
  refers to Christ and the church[4].
  
  [1] Spirit of Law
  [2] Spirit of Life
  [3] "One flesh" means that the child encompasses the Spirit (Law and the Life) of their 
      parents. They are children of the mind, not flesh. What if the child was raised by 
      strangers? Then they would not be the sum of their parent's understanding of Truth 
      and Love. 
      
      Adoption is Love and produces Children of the Mind. In fact, it is much more 
      challenging to do so. Who are most capable of doing that then? Do not pick and choose
      which among the Sciences you adopt.
      
      Law and Life is for balance. A Rod and a Staff. Two Laws and the child will grow up in
      fear. Two Lives and the child would be spoilt. Balance is required.
      
  [4] Ephesians 5:30: because we are members of his (Christ) body.
      
      This solution assumes Jesus fell in Love. The concept of Romantic Love was strange
      during those times. A Law caring as deeply for his Life, such that he treated her as
      his own flesh. In was in stark contrast to the concept of dominance and submission of
      the Roman society.
      
      The apostles, witnessed this Love first-hand. How else were they able to write about 
      it? The Church therefore was a product of a display of that Love. We are members of 
      his body as a child is a member of the Spirit of their parents.
      

The Nature of the Relationship of Law and Life:
  
  Ephesians 5:24
  Now as the church submits to Christ[1], so also wives should submit in everything to 
  their husbands[1].
  
  [1] The dominion of the Christ was Honesty, Courage and Vulnerability for the sake of 
      Love and Truth. A Law should always make decisions with that in mind.
  
  
  Ephesians 5:33
  However, let each one of you love his wife as himself[1], and let the wife see that she 
  respects her husband[2].
  
  [1] The Love of the Life would restrain the hand of the Law - so as not to be too harsh.
      A Law is a stronger Spirit, a force of will, they should ensure that that force does
      not harm the Love of their Life.
      
  [2] A Life should respect their Law, do not demean or destroy their confidence. Encourage
      them for you are their Safety - they will show you Vulnerability that they will not 
      be willing to show to others. Comfort your Law then, shower them with your Love.
      
      The Law should do the same in return.
      
  Whenever you read Dominion or Rule, remember the Dominion of a Shepherd: 
  1. The Courage to face Lions and Wolves.
  2. Honesty to admit they made a mistake so they can correct it for the sake of the Flock.
  3. Vulnerability such as not to scare the Sheep. 
  
  Always remember that God is Love. Love is not a Caesar. Love is True as Truth is Love.
      

The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the King:

  There is a wedding in The Lord of the Rings, Return of the King. A new Law and a 
  new Life are bound by Love. A tree bloomed - the Tree of Life.
  
  Then the King (Law), and the Queen (Life), and the Elves and Wizards who lived 
  forever, bowed to the Hobbits. The Immense bowed to Men.
  
  The Divines are like that. Not Caesar. But Family.
  
  Hope for the End then. Oh, it is a beautiful ending. Work for it then. Start with 
  yourself - follow the example of the Christ.
  
  Ah, the wedding of the Lamb and his Bride, in Revelations then. See you there.
  
  
Notes on Relevance of Modern Literature:

  Again, this solution assumes the Divines never left - for they always Loved. 
  There are patterns in Literature - works of art, created purely at times from 
  the imagination - emotion Unleashed for the sake of Love.
  