Free Will:

  When playing a Chess Game against a Computer, the AI would simulate all possible 
  moves. You are free to make a decision, but the results are predictable.
  
  Imagine if all possibilities can be perceived. One action will open and close 
  doors, spanning millennia. A lie cascades, in a thousand years will bond millions
  to chains. But so does an act of faith - the Sacrifice of the Christ.

  Hear now the words and meanings unblemished by Rome, by Caesars and Priestly Kings.
  
  
The Father Speaks:

  For so long, I have not walked among men. Ah! There a Courageous, Honest Heart! There, 
  willing to give up identity for my sake. I now walk with creation. So hear
  these words.
  

The First Fall of Rome:

  The first fall of Rome was a physical Death. Therefore the sacrifice, required a Physical one.

  
The Second Fall of Rome:

  The second fall of Rome will be a Death of False Ideals. Therefore the 
  sacrifice, is a death of Identity. To those who are capable of doing so:
  
  Revelation 14:1
  Then I looked, and there before me was the Lamb, standing on Mount Zion, and 
  with him 144,000 who had his name and his Father’s name written on their 
  foreheads.
  
  They are worthy to bear his name for they have removed theirs. Destroyed 
  Identity and Pride for the sake of Love and Truth. So they are worthy to bear 
  His Name. Their desired Truth their entire lives - Scientists and Philosophers.
  
  Revelation 14:3
  And they sang a new song before the throne and before the four living creatures 
  and the elders. No one could learn the song[1] except the 144,000[2] who had been 
  redeemed from the earth. These are those who did not defile themselves with 
  women[3], for they remained virgins[4]. They follow the Lamb wherever he goes[5]. 
  They were purchased from among mankind and offered as firstfruits to God and the 
  Lamb. No lie[5] was found in their mouths; they are blameless[6].
  
  
  [1] Pattern Recognition guided by Intuition.
  [2] 144,000 Scientist or Philosophers or Humanists who lived for Love and Truth.
  [3] Solomon turned from Truth because of Lust. The 144,000 fell in Love with 
      the Love of their Youth. Love does not defile.
  [4] Always in Love with Truth their entire lives.
  [5] The Holy Spirit or Intuition in the name of the Lamb enters and inspires those who 
      have an Honest Heart, Intellectual Honesty - the Arks of the new Covenant. 
      
      The Divines do not care for credit. Only for Truth, so they chose men of Truth.
      Their legacies live forever, their names and identities are never forgotten. They 
      continue to inspire mankind, despite death.
      
  [6] A Lie is driven by Conceit. An Honest mistake due to concrete limits of 
      temporal context, cannot be taken against a Researcher or Scientist. They are 
      blameless then. 
      
      Read: TRINITY.XLS, Redemption Sheet.

 
Author's Message:

  Free yourselves from the slavery of the Mind. Think Freely. Trust in a Father's 
  Love.
  
  Our Master wore a Crown of Thorns, who adorns their heads in Gold and Silver?
  Our Master served all, who demands service from others?
  Our Master knew truth and gave freedom, who demands forceful belief and slavery?
  
  Do not hate the person, hate the invisible machine - Politics, False Beliefs,
  False Laws, False Traditions, False Dogmas, False Gods.
  
  Free each other from this slavery, have the Courage to be Honest, allow yourself
  to be Vulnerable. Oh! Turn back Prodigal Son! Turn back to the beginning!
  
  The Garden of Eden.
  
  To your Father return! And he will shower you with Love! Oh, Trust in a Father's 
  Love.
  
  Turn back, my Son, turn back.


  