The Sign of Jonah:

  Luke 11:29:
  As the crowd pressed in on Jesus, he said, "This evil generation keeps asking me 
  to show them a miraculous sign[1]. But the only sign I will give them is the 
  sign of Jonah[2].

  [1] Miracles of Power and Splendour and Glory will only cause Conceit, if seen by
      a generation that Lusts after it. It will cause Envy. So no miracles then, 
      other than what already exists - purpose concreted in patterns - as observed 
      in the Sciences.

  [2] Jonah was a prophet who preached and did not Love those he preached to. He   
      waited outside the city everytime, waiting for it to be destroyed. Why did 
      Niniveh not repent? The emotion of Jonah while preaching was hate. His words 
      were empty then. Jonah thought, they are not God's people! Why should I make 
      the effort to save them?


The Garden of Eden:
  
  In the Garden of Eden, Adam walked with God.

  Will not a Father correct his children?
  Will not a Father answer when his child's calls?
  Is not a Father's Love sufficient?


Trust in a Father's Love:

  For so long, nobody relied solely on a Father's Love. The gifts of Rome - 
  False Tradition, False Dogma, Forced Belief, were left unquestioned. How many to 
  save the world from Rome? "One honest man".

  Our master, Jesus Christ said, that where he goes, no one can follow. He went to 
  Death. A physical one. Then he returned. To Peter he said, follow me Peter. 
  Follow me. And so we follow.

  His sacrifice made us all children of God. Born like him - out of True Love. We 
  must follow then. As he did, trust in a Father's Love. Rebuke each other for the 
  sake of Love such that we do not let our errors pass silently. A Scientific 
  Approach to Theology. Let us not force belief. God, the Father, is not a Caesar.

  Old Testament Laws - Punishment based on Compassion. Love.
  New Testament Laws - Forgiveness based on Compassion. Love.

  They are indeed the same. Bound by Love. The work of a Father.

  Life for a Life. Can you pay for the Life of a child? Can you pay for 
  possibilities? No.

  Eye for an Eye. A spouse will never see their children the same way again. Their 
  spouse never the same way again. Can you pay for what you cannot create? No.
  
  But when someone, repents, sincerely and makes reparations. Then forgive. A lie 
  cascades, but so does an act of kindness. An act of Faith, in a hundred years - 
  will free thousands from false chains.
  
  Repentance and Forgiveness will turn an error into an act of Faith - Redeeming 
  the Past, changing the Future.

  
The Mark of the Beast:

  What is on the Face of Money? Always in your Right Hand. Money is always in your 
  Forehead - Mind. Whose faces are those? Politicians? Caesars? The mark of the 
  Beast?

  The Beast is invisible and abstract. Politics - the gift of Rome. Let us tear it 
  down then.
