On Characters and Kings:

  To understand the word, use Emotion as a guide. Treat all of them as brothers, they made 
  mistakes, they were anointed and made mistakes. 

  Joab as an Example:

    Joab was more righteous than David. Joab had the courage to rebuke the King when David 
    mourned Absalom. David never had the courage to rebuke Joab. He feared Joab would be 
    chosen King, and that he - David - would be another Saul. David did not trust in a 
    Father's Love his entire life, so do not treat him as perfect.

    He had to order his Son to murder his Best Friend. Life for a Life - yes, but why did 
    David not forgive his Best Friend? Forgiveness was always an option. Politics maybe?
  
  
On Kings:

  Moses always resisted the idea of a King. It is hard to do. How are your Laws? Are they 
  getting any more perfect? 
  
  It is hard to relate to Kings. Rome designed classifications for People - plebians, 
  freemen, citizens and patricians. Did they exist in the Garden of Eden? In Psychology? No.
  
  Even Solomon, a King of Wisdom, turned from Love and Truth because of Lust, Wealth and 
  Power. It is hard to correct a King:
  
  Proverbs 20:2
  A king's wrath strikes terror like the roar of a lion; those who anger him forfeit their 
  lives.

  
On Politics and Bureaucracy:

  When you pass by your Brother or Sister on the street, what prevents you from helping?
  
  "Oh, the Government should take care of that. I payed the Mark of the Beast. Taxes."
  "Oh, the Church should take care of that. I payed the Mark of the Beast. Tithes."
  "Oh, the Bureaucracy should take care of that."
  
  Always help. An act of kindness will inspire others to do the same.
  
  Read: 7 Emotion.txt.
  
  
On Laws:

  The Father Speaks: 
  I designed ten. Just that. Don't be an Ass. Yes, I just used Racca. For an intent of Love.

  Solomon was a Judge who could accurately measure intent. The accuser and the accused 
  stood to defend themselves. No lawyers. Just them. Who designed lawyers? Who can afford 
  them? Were they not the patricians? The nobles? Find loopholes and save my skin. How are 
  your Laws doing?

  We can fix that. Democracy done right - for Love. Ruling as brothers - a collective 
  indeed. No kings. The absolute then should be Reason and Truth. No opinions. Just Truth. 
  Technocracy - let Scientists rule then. Those who have searched to understand my Law, 
  will be able to make sound decisions. Them - honest courageous men who seek Truth. Truth 
  is Love as Love is True.
  