Clean and Unclean:
  
  You must take a look at it from a Historical Perspective and a Biological Perspective.

1. A woman on her period is unclean, anything she touches becomes unclean. 

  It is not sin, not because of Eve (a Righteous Life, Mother), but because of microbes. 
  They did not have sanitary napkins then, they had cloth. No detergents, they just washed 
  with water. A woman would still answer the call of nature. What would she touch when 
  doing so? The setting was in a dessert - water did not overflow. So, when they are 
  having their periods and the fluids mix, they should not touch their things to prevent 
  the spread of bacteria.

  The same things apply to touching a dead person, or a person who has disease, and so on. 
  For animals, remember that they did not have the luxury of bathing them - they lived in 
  a dessert without sanitation technology like soap or shampoo. Moses did not have the 
  time to write about Microbiology. He would have quit. The laws had to be written by hand.

  
2. Clean and Unclean Food

  Dietary recommendations during a time where no Nutritionists exist. Pork was banned due 
  to high fat content. Locusts were suggested, since it not very appetizing isn't it? 
  During a time of famine - at least then they will know that it is safe to eat. John the 
  Baptist ate that mostly for he lived in the dessert.
  
  Carnivores or Omnivores were also avoided.

  
3. Offerings

  Grain offerings did not contain yeast - otherwise Aaron and his sons would starve. No 
  honey in order to not deplete the bee population. Always with salt for flavor.
  
  Atonement offerings, there is a ceremony, the one at fault would lay down his hands on 
  the forehead of the Lamb. If their hearts were true, the Lamb would sleep. Emotion is 
  the connection of all Creation. Then the repentant sinner would show mercy - the Lamb 
  would have been like a child to him - humans get attached to animals due to emotion. 
  Like Isaac, calm and accepting, yet the act would have still been heavy for Abraham. It 
  was designed like that.

  The fat would be removed - again for health, and the smoke would rise to the Father - 
  and he will feel the emotion of the Lamb - calm and asleep. Ah, the one who offered was 
  of a pure heart. Then the cup of wrath would be reduced.
  
  Matthew 20:22
  "You don't know what you are asking," Jesus said to them. "Can you drink the cup[1] I am 
   going to drink?" "We can," they answered.
   
  Luke 22:42
  "Father, if you are willing, take this cup[1] from me; yet not my will, but yours be 
   done."

  The practice was corrupted when they just butchered them. Murder. Conceit.
  
  [1] When thinking of Jesus and his Father, think of Thor and Odin. Cup of Wrath, the 
      metaphor works. Artful inspiration - emotion unleashed. Childhood stories.
  
      To reduce the cup of wrath, you must make reparations. Do not let the errors pass 
      silently, or else they will cascade - the repercussions would span across lifetimes
      and generations. You must correct the error yourself or rebuke when you see it, like 
      the Christ did.
      
      You can also act in Courageous, Vulnerable Honesty for the sake of Love. 
      
      In videogames, think of it as your HP or Hit Points.
      

4. The Temple

  Moses always resisted the idea of a Priesthood or Kingship. But when the Father designed 
  it, you would notice this: the design was filled with nature. If you going to entomb 
  yourself in a temple of stone then decorate it with Creation - the result of the Love of 
  the Author of Law and the Giver of Life.
  
  The Original Temple vs The Temple of Solomon:
  Solomon's Temple looked like that of a Caesar's. With shields and swords and so on. It
  was very contradicting to the temple designed by the Father himself. It was Lust that 
  turned Solomon's heart away from the Truth. Oh! They should have rebuked him.
  
  Moses always resisted the idea of a Kingship.
  

5. Ritual Cleansing

  For utensils, it was just for cleaning - again for microbes. For people, it was to 
  cleanse the soul. They were in a dessert and imagine the relief of a cool bathe of 
  water. You like swimming yes? People flock to spas and swimming pools and the oceans. It 
  was like that. To soothe emotion.
  
