On Characters and Kings:

  To understand the word, use Emotion as a guide. Treat all of them as brothers, they made 
  mistakes, they were anointed and made mistakes. 

  Joab as an Example:

    Joab was more righteous than David. Joab had the courage to rebuke the King when David 
    mourned Absalom. David never had the courage to rebuke Joab. He feared Joab would be 
    chosen King, and that he - David - would be another Saul. David did not trust in a 
    Father's Love his entire life, so do not treat him as perfect.

    He had to order his Son to murder his Best Friend. Life for a Life - yes, but why did 
    David not forgive his Best Friend? Forgiveness was always an option. Politics maybe?
    
    1 Kings 2:29-34
    King Solomon was told that Joab had fled to the tent of the Lord and was beside the 
    altar. Then Solomon ordered Benaiah son of Jehoiada, "Go, strike him down!"

    So Benaiah entered the tent of the Lord and said to Joab, "The king says, 'Come out!'"

    But he answered, "No, I will die here."[1]

    ...

    Then the king commanded Benaiah, "Do as he says[2]. Strike him down and bury him, and 
    so clear me and my whole family of the guilt of the innocent blood that Joab shed[3]. 
    The Lord will repay him for the blood he shed, because without my father David knowing 
    it he attacked two men and killed them with the sword. Both of them—Abner son of 
    Ner[4], commander of Israel's army, and Amasa son of Jether[5], commander of Judah’s 
    army—were better men and more upright than he. May the guilt of their blood rest on 
    the head of Joab[6] and his descendants forever. But on David and his descendants, his 
    house and his throne, may there be the Lord's peace forever[7]."
    
    [1] The stand of a Righteous Man: "I will die in the Temple of my God, If I am 
        innocent may my blood consecrate the ground."
        
    [2] Solomon did not care that blood will be spilt (Murder) on the Temple.
    
    [3] Logical Fallacy. There is a Law that states - not to punish a Son for the sins of
        his Father. Solomon deceived Benaiah.
        
    [4] Committed to avenge a murder.
    
    [5] Committed to protect David's reign. Joab never desired Kingship, he pledged 
        allegiance to Adonijah (David's Son still). Perhaps he saw that Solomon was treated
        like a god - spoiled by his Father. Solomon's reign was like that - a spoilt child.
        
    [6] How was that accomplished? Murdering the Man such that he cannot redeem or defend 
        himself and the reputation of his family.
        
    [7] Solomon's opinion. What happened to his reign? Did not the Lord's peace leave him?
        The throne was destroyed and not preserved. However, the heir of David was like 
        David when he was still a Shepherd. The Christ was like David as a Shepherd, 
        unblemished by Kingship.
    
    Joab was the Protagonist. Not David. Not Solomon. But Joab.
    
    Emotion is the key to understanding the Word of God. Always start at a point of Love -
    for all the characters. It must be read with Compassion in mind. Not Condemnation, but
    Compassion. If you are offended by the actions of the characters, then be offended. 
    Learn from their mistakes.
    
    Also, always take note of who is speaking on behalf the Divines. Some characters were
    Politicians. Moses for example was a very Honest man, so he was chosen to write the 
    Laws. Before the Ark, he heard the voice of God directly. That is why he was resistant
    to a Kingship and a Priesthood. They did not need it.
    
    "Oh! If only they could trust in Love!"
  
  
On Kings:

  Moses always resisted the idea of a King. It is hard to do. How are your Laws? Are they 
  getting any more perfect? 
  
  It is hard to relate to Kings. Rome designed classifications for People - slaves, 
  plebians, freemen, citizens and patricians. Did they exist in the Garden of Eden? In 
  Psychology? No.
  
  Even Solomon, a King of Wisdom, turned from Love and Truth because of Lust, Wealth and 
  Power. It is hard to correct a King:
  
  Proverbs 20:2
  A king's wrath strikes terror like the roar of a lion; those who anger him forfeit their 
  lives.

  
On Politics and Bureaucracy:

  When you pass by your Brother or Sister on the street, what prevents you from helping?
  
  "Oh, the Government should take care of that. I payed the Mark of the Beast. Taxes."
  "Oh, the Church should take care of that. I payed the Mark of the Beast. Tithes."
  "Oh, the Bureaucracy should take care of that."
  
  Always help. An act of kindness will inspire others to do the same.
  
  Read: 7 Emotion.txt.
  
  
On Laws:

  The Father Speaks: 
  I designed ten. Just that. Don't be an Ass. Yes, I just used Racca. For an intent of Love.

  Solomon was a Judge who could accurately measure intent. The accuser and the accused 
  stood to defend themselves. No lawyers. Just them. Who designed lawyers? Who can afford 
  them? Were they not the patricians? The nobles? Find loopholes and save my skin. How are 
  your Laws doing?

  We can fix that. Democracy done right - for Love. Ruling as brothers - a collective 
  indeed. No kings. The absolute then should be Reason and Truth. No opinions. Just Truth. 
  Technocracy - let Scientists rule then. Those who have searched to understand my Law, 
  will be able to make sound decisions. Them - honest courageous men who seek Truth. Truth 
  is Love as Love is True.
  