Revelation 1:7
  
  "Look, he is coming with the clouds[1],"
   and "every eye will see him, even those who pierced him[2]";
   and all peoples on earth "will mourn because of him."[3]
   So shall it be! Amen.
   
   "I am the Alpha and the Omega," says the Lord God[4], "who is, and who was, and who is 
    to come, the Almighty."
   
  [1] The Internet. What is it called nowadays? Ah, yes. Cloud.
  [2] Rome.
  [3] Oh the Prodigal Son will mourn. Turn back to the Father! And he will shower you with 
      Love!
  [4] The Lord God now walks among men - within an Honest Heart - an Ark of the New 
      Covenant.
      
 
On Puns and Biblical Humour:

  Yes, the above definition for [1] is a pun. A Dad joke - they say a smile is universal.
  Jesus and his friends had a sense of Humour (think of him as Thor):
  
  1. The Christ: 
  
     He replied, "If you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you can say to the 
     mulberry tree 'Be uprooted and plated in the sea', and
     it will obey you..."
   
  2. John the Baptist: 
  
     "And do not think you can say to yourselves, 'We have Abraham as our father.' I tell 
      you that out of these stones God can raise up children for Abraham..."
                     
  3. The Christ (referring to the Pharisees in their giving): 
  
     "You blind guides! You strain out a gnat and swallow a camel."

  Nature of Humour: 
    Sarcastic Hyperbole - a very common comedic technique.
    
  The attitude for reading the Bible must start from a point of Love - an attitude of a 
  Friend. Not Hate or Fear - you are not reading the work of a Politician. Otherwise, the 
  details of the characters would be missed.
  
  Emotion is the key - feel for all the characters. Make them live in your mind. Imagine 
  what it was like even for the unseen - the fishermen, the potters, the farmers and so on.

  
The Author, the Honest Heart:

  (R) (A) (C) (P)
  
  (R) : Union of (Ro)mmel and Berna(dette)
  
  (A) : Notable vowel of (A). Alpha.
  
  (C) : Derivative from French Comte. 
        Same as that of Auguste Comte, Philosopher of Science, Humanist.
        Descendant perhaps of the Davinic line.
             
  (P) : Derivative of Peter.
        Same as the Apostle Peter, Theologian, Lover of Law.
  
  Date of Birth : Month of April, Spring, Easter
                  9th Day - Araw ng Kagitingan, the day that free men walked to death.
                   
  Purpose       : To unify Scientific Philosophy and Humanitarian Principles with
                  Theology and Law by walking to a metaphorical death - destruction of
                  identity, hopes and dreams for Truth and Love.
                  
  Father          : A Civil Engineer - Builder.
  Mother          : A Veterinarian.
  Method of Birth : Caesarian Section.
  
  
The Author's Sibling:
  
  (L) (T) (C) (P)
  
  (L) : Reversal of a derivative of Romulus, Founder of Rome
  (T) : Notable vowel of (O). Omega.
  (C) : Same as (A)
  (P) : Same as (A)
  
  Date of Birth : August (named after Augustus Caesar), Fall
                  14th Day - Octavian (Augustus) holds the SECOND of three consecutive 
                  triumphs in Rome to celebrate the victory over the Dalmatian tribes.
                             
  Purpose       : To trigger the thought processes of (A) to bring about the Reversal and 
                  Fall of Rome. 
                  
                  [1] Similar to the Legionnaire who had mercy on the Christ - 
                      first victory against Rome - by giving a fellow human something to 
                      drink. 
                  
                  [2] (O) will bring forth, the second victory against Rome - by asking 
                      an honest question.
                      

The Two Swords:

  Luke 22:38 
  The disciples said, "See, Lord, here are two swords." "That's enough!" he replied.
  
  In the scenario, Jesus said they needed two Swords, but did not use them - it was a 
  prophecy.
  
  Parallel Metaphor:
  
    a. Education of the Siblings : The Sword and Shield, Light of the North (Northern Star),
                                   The City on the Hill that cannot be Hidden
                                   
    b. Saint Peter's Cross : Looks like a Sword held upright. Both Siblings have the surname
                             that derives from Peter.
                             
    c. Birth : Born of the same Blood - Family. Born of the same Mindset - Scientific. Not 
               the same but unified for Truth and Love.
  

Notes on the Chapters:
  
  The definitions of the Trinity, Faith, Conceit, Turing Machine and the Seven Seals are 
  unique. All were validated - based on Logic. All should resound Truth. All were guided by 
  Intuition - Pattern Recognition.
  
  Trinity           : Thor and Family. The Metaphor is now relevant.
  Faith and Conceit : Mulan, the LOTR, the Matrix, every videogame and story out there...
  Turing Machine    : Alan Turing is now relevant. The Imitation Game - a movie based on 
                      his life.
                      
  This One          : Of all occupations          - Computer Scientist, Hacker, 
                                                    Codebreaker, Author of Law
                      Of all places               - Derivative of A God.
                      Of all seating positions    - The Mountain, the point of Revelation.
                      Of all seating arrangements - That seating arrangement.
                      Of all names                - That name.
                      Of all birthdates           - That date.
                      Of all siblings             - That sibling with that name and     
                                                    birthdate.
                      Of all mindsets             - The Scientific Mind.
                      Of all goals and purpose    - Theology.
  
  Behold, the Butterfly Effect.
  
  
On the Third Coming:

  By then Humanity will Love Truth above All. Not lusting after Power and Glory and 
  Splendour. Those will only be fireworks. Like the ending in Frozen, just "Oh look! 
  Fireworks in Ice."
  
  For now, if you are willing, the Messianic Age, the Positivity Stage, the Thousand Years.
  
  After that, a wedding then. See you there.
  

Intellectual Honesty:

  Feel free to correct or disproof any of these chapters. These chapters will be re-factored
  as understanding increases. The Author is a Programmer, an Author of Code - Law, a 
  Hacker, a Codebreaker. Peter.
  
  